TWEAKS.md, before:

# General
*The following additions apply even if both attbal and gunbal is turned off.*

## Features
- CS:GO or all-in-one categories for tidier spawnmenus
- Per-player custom laser colors
- Aim sway for GSO or all weapons/attachments

## Weapons

### Galil AR
Beta CSGO model created by PROm. Compared to the ACE, is fires significantly slower, but has overall better ranged attributes.

### M16A2
Independent weapon based off the AR-15 model. Defaults to 20-Round magazine and burst fire.

### Glock 17
- Added 150mm G17L Slide (custom model)
- Added 15/30-Round 10mm G20 conversion
- Added 13/26-Round .45 ACP G21 conversion

### USP-45
- Added Match Compensator
- Added 18/25/40-Round 9mm conversion

### Desert Eagle
- Added 8/10-Round .44 Magnum conversion
- Added 9/12-Round .357 Magnum conversion

### SSG-08
- Added 10-Round 7.62x51mm NATO conversion

## New Attachments
- API Rounds
- Overpressure Rounds
- Flechette Shells
- Marksman Trigger
- Double Tapper
- Air Time (Overheating Weapons)
- Hot Wrench (Overheating Weapons)
- Cool Head (Overheating Weappons)
- Air Time (Overheating Weapons)

# Attachment Tweaks

### No / Folded / Collapsed Stocks
Arctic never added this change even though he said he liked it :(

**Added:**
- -50% Draw time

### BT-2 Pistol Stock
Slower but more impactful.

**Added:**
- +50% Draw time
- -15% Recoil (from -10%)

### Skeleton Stock (AKM)
Fast stocks are cool.

**Reworked:**
- -15% Sight Time
- -25% Draw time
- +15% Recoil

### Heavy Stocks (RPK / Longsword / M16)
Distinguish these models with a significant recoil reduction.

**Reworked:**
- -20% Recoil
- +30% Sight time
- -25% Sighted strafe speed
- +25% Draw time

### Short Barrels:
More agile!

**Added:**
- -25% Draw time
- -10% Reload time

### SSQ Suppressor
Super quiet.

**Tweaked:**
- -35% Weapon volume (up from -25%)
- -25% Range (up from -10%)

### Monolith Suppressor
Also super quiet.

**Tweaked:**
- -35% Weapon volume (up from -25%)
- +50% Sight time (up from -25%)
- (For shotguns: -35% weapon volume and +25% sight time)

### G3 5.56mm Magazines

**Tweaked:**
- -40% Recoil

### 650mm SG1 Barrel (G3)
Matches the SCAR-H and feels more autosniper.

**Tweaked:**
- +50% Range (up from +25%)
- -25% Recoil (up from -15%)
- -50% Fire rate

### Auto-sniper barrels (G3 / SCAR-H)
Significantly less move dispersion for on-the-move sniping.

**Added:**
- -50% Moving spread

### Auto-sniper stocks (G3 Padded / SCAR Sniper)
Like other heavy stocks, but slows you down while aiming much more.

**Reworked:**
- -20% Recoil
- -25% Moving spread
- -50% Sighted strafe speed
- +15% Sight time

### Bayonet
Has a proper stabbing animation.

### MP5SD3
Sounds and feels much better to shoot, and better fits a close-range clandestine role.

**Tweaked:**
- +15% Sight Time (up from +10%)
- -10% Range (down from +25%)
- -40% Firing Volume (up from -25%)

### Stub Barrels (M4 / M-10)
Not shit now.

**Reworked:**
- -50% Range
- +200% Imprecision
- +50% Recoil
- +15% Fire rate
- +10% Move speed
- +20% Sighted strafe speed
- +50% Draw time

### Shotgun Sawn-off Grip / Pistol Grip
Slightly more viable.

**Added:**
- +25% Sighted strafe speed
- -50% Sight time (up from -25%)

### AUG 32-Round 9mm

**Reworked:**
- -15% Damage
- +50% Imprecision
- -40% Recoil
- -40% Side recoil
- +20% Fire rate

### Compact pistol slides (Glock / P250)
Making these reduce mag cap was a bad idea.

**Tweaked:**
- +15% Recoil (down from +25%)
- +15% Reload speed
- +20% Fire rate

### Match Ammo

**Reworked:**
- -50% Imprecision
- +20% Hip dispersion

### TMJ Ammo

**Tweaked:**
- +30% Long range damage (up from +10%)

### Scattershot Shells
**Added:**
- -30% Recoil

### Magnum Shells
**Tweaked:**
- +50% Recoil
- +50% Imprecision (down from +100%)

### Frantic Firing Frenzy
**Tweaked:**
- +10% Fire rate (up from 5%)

### Deep Sea
**Tweaked:**
- -50% Recoil while underwater

### Homemade Auto
**Tweaked:**
- Now called "Automatic Internals"
- Auto/Semi/Safe firemodes instead of just Auto

### Black Grip (G3)
**Tweaked:**
- Now called "Polymer Grip"
- Now available for the AK as well
- -10% Sight time
- +10% Horizontal recoil

### Collapsible Stock (G3)
**Added:**
- -15% Sight time

### Flashlight / Combo Flashlight
Lower brightness and longer far Z range.

# Weapon Tweaks

## Pistols
Hip dispersion and moving accuracy increased across the board, but different guns have different specialities.

| Weapon | Range | Damage | Recoil | Precision | HipDisp | MoveDisp |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Glock 17 | 45m | 26-19 | 0.32 | 12MOA | 250MOA | 50MOA
| M92FS | 60m | 25-22 | 0.4 | 5MOA | 300MOA | 50MOA
| P2000 | 40m | 25-20 | 0.2 | 10MOA | 100MOA | 25MOA
| P250 | 50m | 37-21 | 0.5 | 10MOA | 300MOA | 50MOA
| USP-45 | 40m | 35-24 | 0.4 | 8MOA | 250MOA | 50MOA
| CZ-75 | 40m | 26-22 | 0.34 | 10MOA | 200MOA | 25MOA |
| FiveseveN | 80m | 24-20 | 0.23 | 5MOA | 200MOA | 25MOA
| TEC-9 | 40m | 28-21 | 0.4 | 12MOA | 400MOA | 50MOA
| Desert Eagle | 55m | 65-40 | 2.25 | 10MOA | 450MOA | 100MOA |
| R8 .357 | 45m | 58-32 | 1.75 | 5MOA | 100MOA | 75MOA |

### R8 .357
Added the delayed trigger from CS:GO - works how you expect it to. Switch to FAN firemode for faster but inaccurate firing.

## Shotguns
Hip dispersion, moving accuracy and recoil significantly increased across the board.

## SMGs
Damage has been tweaked to better match caliber.

## Rifles

### AR-15
Will get renames, along with custom descriptions for M16A2, M16A3, Colt SMG variants.

### AUG
Slight increase in damage.

### ACE 22
Sight time reduced to 300ms, in-line with other rifles.

Commit message:

Cycling tweaks, more grips and stock edits

TWEAKS.md, after:

# General
*The following additions apply even if both attbal and gunbal is turned off.*

## Features
- CS:GO or all-in-one categories for tidier spawnmenus
- Per-player custom laser colors
- Aim sway for GSO or all weapons/attachments

## Weapons

### Galil AR
Beta CSGO model created by PROm. Compared to the ACE, is fires significantly slower, but has overall better ranged attributes.

### M16A2
Independent weapon based off the AR-15 model. Defaults to 20-Round magazine and burst fire.

### Glock 17
- Added 150mm G17L Slide (custom model)
- Added 15/30-Round 10mm G20 conversion
- Added 13/26-Round .45 ACP G21 conversion

### USP-45
- Added Match Compensator
- Added 18/25/40-Round 9mm conversion

### Desert Eagle
- Added 8/10-Round .44 Magnum conversion
- Added 9/12-Round .357 Magnum conversion

### SSG-08
- Added 10-Round 7.62x51mm NATO conversion

## New Attachments
- API Rounds
- Overpressure Rounds
- Flechette Shells
- Marksman Trigger
- Double Tapper
- Air Time (Overheating Weapons)
- Hot Wrench (Overheating Weapons)
- Cool Head (Overheating Weappons)
- Air Time (Overheating Weapons)

# Attachment Tweaks

### No / Folded / Collapsed Stocks
Arctic never added this change even though he said he liked it :(

**Added:**
- -50% Draw time

### BT-2 Pistol Stock
Slower but more impactful.

**Added:**
- +50% Draw time
- -15% Recoil (from -10%)

### Skeleton Stock (AKM)
Fast stocks are cool.

**Reworked:**
- -15% Sight Time
- -25% Draw time
- +15% Recoil

### Heavy Stocks (RPK / Longsword / M16)
Distinguish these models with a significant recoil reduction.

**Reworked:**
- -20% Recoil
- +30% Sight time
- -25% Sighted strafe speed
- +25% Draw time

### Short Barrels:
More agile!

**Added:**
- -25% Draw time
- -10% Reload time

### SSQ Suppressor
Super quiet.

**Tweaked:**
- -35% Weapon volume (up from -25%)
- -25% Range (up from -10%)

### Monolith Suppressor
Also super quiet.

**Tweaked:**
- -35% Weapon volume (up from -25%)
- +50% Sight time (up from -25%)
- (For shotguns: -35% weapon volume and +25% sight time)

### G3 5.56mm Magazines

**Tweaked:**
- -40% Recoil

### 650mm SG1 Barrel (G3)
Matches the SCAR-H and feels more autosniper.

**Tweaked:**
- +50% Range (up from +25%)
- -25% Recoil (up from -15%)
- -50% Fire rate

### Auto-sniper barrels (G3 / SCAR-H)
Significantly less move dispersion for on-the-move sniping.

**Added:**
- -50% Moving spread

### Auto-sniper stocks (G3 Padded / SCAR Sniper)
Like other heavy stocks, but slows you down while aiming much more.

**Reworked:**
- -20% Recoil
- -25% Moving spread
- -50% Sighted strafe speed
- +15% Sight time

### Bayonet
Has a proper stabbing animation.

### MP5SD3
Sounds and feels much better to shoot, and better fits a close-range clandestine role.

**Tweaked:**
- +15% Sight Time (up from +10%)
- -10% Range (down from +25%)
- -40% Firing Volume (up from -25%)

### Stub Barrels (M4 / M-10)
Not shit now.

**Reworked:**
- -50% Range
- +200% Imprecision
- +50% Recoil
- +15% Fire rate
- +10% Move speed
- +20% Sighted strafe speed
- +50% Draw time

### Shotgun Sawn-off Grip / Pistol Grip
Slightly more viable.

**Added:**
- +25% Sighted strafe speed
- -50% Sight time (up from -25%)

### AUG 32-Round 9mm

**Reworked:**
- -15% Damage
- +50% Imprecision
- -40% Recoil
- -40% Side recoil
- +20% Fire rate

### Compact pistol slides (Glock / P250)
Making these reduce mag cap was a bad idea.

**Tweaked:**
- +15% Recoil (down from +25%)
- +15% Reload speed
- +20% Fire rate

### Match Ammo

**Reworked:**
- -50% Imprecision
- +20% Hip dispersion

### TMJ Ammo

**Tweaked:**
- +30% Long range damage (up from +10%)

### Scattershot Shells
**Added:**
- -30% Recoil

### Magnum Shells
**Tweaked:**
- +50% Recoil
- +50% Imprecision (down from +100%)

### Frantic Firing Frenzy
**Tweaked:**
- +10% Fire rate (up from 5%)

### Deep Sea
**Tweaked:**
- -50% Recoil while underwater

### Homemade Auto
**Tweaked:**
- Now called "Automatic Internals"
- Auto/Semi/Safe firemodes instead of just Auto

### Black Grip (G3)
**Tweaked:**
- Now called "Polymer Grip"
- Now available for the AK as well
- -10% Sight time
- +10% Horizontal recoil

### Collapsible Stock (G3)
**Added:**
- -15% Sight time

### Flashlight / Combo Flashlight
Lower brightness and longer far Z range.

# Weapon Tweaks

### Bolt/Pump-Actions
Slight delay from firing animation to cycling. Shoot as soon as your finger is on the trigger/pump has been cycled.

## Pistols
Hip dispersion and moving accuracy increased across the board, but different guns have different specialities.

| Weapon | Range | Damage | Recoil | Precision | HipDisp | MoveDisp |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Glock 17 | 45m | 26-19 | 0.32 | 12MOA | 250MOA | 50MOA
| M92FS | 60m | 25-22 | 0.4 | 5MOA | 300MOA | 50MOA
| P2000 | 40m | 25-20 | 0.2 | 10MOA | 100MOA | 25MOA
| P250 | 50m | 37-21 | 0.5 | 10MOA | 300MOA | 50MOA
| USP-45 | 40m | 35-24 | 0.4 | 8MOA | 250MOA | 50MOA
| CZ-75 | 40m | 26-22 | 0.34 | 10MOA | 200MOA | 25MOA |
| FiveseveN | 80m | 24-20 | 0.23 | 5MOA | 200MOA | 25MOA
| TEC-9 | 40m | 28-21 | 0.4 | 12MOA | 400MOA | 50MOA
| Desert Eagle | 55m | 65-40 | 2.25 | 10MOA | 450MOA | 100MOA |
| R8 .357 | 45m | 58-32 | 1.75 | 5MOA | 100MOA | 75MOA |

### R8 .357
Added the delayed trigger from CS:GO - works how you expect it to. Switch to FAN firemode for faster but inaccurate firing.

## Shotguns
Hip dispersion, moving accuracy and recoil significantly increased across the board.

## SMGs
Damage has been tweaked to better match caliber.

## Rifles

### AR-15
Will get renames, along with custom descriptions for M16A2, M16A3, Colt SMG variants.

### AUG
Slight increase in damage.

### ACE 22
Sight time reduced to 300ms, in-line with other rifles.
